DOC-3147: New `allow_html_in_comments` option to allow HTML-like content inside comment data (#3791)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.0-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following addition<s>:

=== New `allow_html_in_comments` option to allow HTML-like content inside comment data
// #TINY-12220

> Previously, comments containing HTML-like content were removed from the editor's content by default for security reasons. This was done using DOMPurify's `SAFE_FOR_XML` option, which ensures that any HTML-like content in comments is stripped out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, comments containing HTML-like content were removed from the editor's content by default for security reasons. This was done in the sanitization process, which ensures that any HTML-like content in comments is stripped out.
```

Also I don't think that the term `Previously` is correct. The first TinyMCE version that removes comments containing HTML-like content is `8.0.0`.
So maybe even:
```suggestion
Comments containing HTML-like content are removed from the editor's content by default for security reasons. This is done during the sanitization process, which ensures that any HTML-like content in comments is stripped out.
```
What do you think?

Author: I prefer the second suggestion.
